Why Invest in BitLifeAndTrust
We are creating automated blockchain secured products that bring communities together. © 
Prior to the modern age, communities formed around geographic locations. These communities shared in each other’s success and losses. When a member of the community was lost, the community would come together care for the cost of a funeral, food and even housing for those left behind. As the world modernized, companies formed to take over this assignment in the form of life insurance and the larger community began to disconnect from the process. Today, the world is growing into a global community where geography is no longer a necessary limit. We believe the global community will benefit from a globally shared trust, built and secured on the blockchain.
We believe blockchain technology creates a revolutionary change in the way we can and should execute contracts related specifically related to insurance contracts. Our aim is to create a global decentralized market of sellers, buyers and validators of such contracts. In doing so we aim to create a global community that has a vested interested in the lives all people. 
We believe our initial contract will be one of the first to give participants the ability to earn an income through the contracting process, by assisting those interested in entering into BitLifeAndTrust contracts. 
We believe we can create an ecosystem that places all participants of the contracts in a win-win scenario by balancing the incentives created through the contracts.
We believe this process will bring more participants into the larger blockchain economy.
The focus of our Dapps will be to create economically sustainable contracts with a lifespan of 1,000 years. Although we realize this is a lofty goal, it is necessary to achieve the trust and longevity required for the types of contract we are creating. 
Our timeline is as follows:
Q2 2017 – 	Initial development of Dapp logical design and testing
		Initial Website launched bitlifeandtrust.com
Q3 2017 – 	IOC Whitepaper development
Begin building partnership agreements with validators
ICO for the token of value
Q1 2018 – 	Launch of first Dapp, currently in development and focused on end of life
Q2 2018 – 	Continued development of new Dapps 
